## ???

Scrap woke up to clattering of metal dishes somewhere else in the building.

They didn't open their eyes for a good few minutes, listening.

There was the usual whirring of fans pumping air in and out of the concrete box. There was running water, and clattering of enameled metal. There were two distant voices, muffled by thick curtains, exact words indistinguishable.

Scrap opened their eyes.

The ceiling was plain, unassuming and clean, white with a slight shift towards beige in the warm output of the everpresent LED lamps. Lack of windows or clocks made it impossible to determine the time of day or night. Door-curtain swayed slighty under the air stream cycling through the building, revealing evidence of brighter ceiling lamps in the hall. On the wall above the bed, near the ceiling and across to bedside, Scrap could make out a sparse, prolonged collection of tiny brown spots, perhaps spills of paint.

Scrap lied there for a while. There was nowhere they needed to go, and their body was not raising any alarms.

Dish clattering ended, followed shortly by running water.

The conversation stopped for a bit, then gained a third voice. With reduced interference, Scrap could now make out individual words. `train`, `lose`, `firm`, `glue`, `attracted`. Suspended below the critical mass of meaning, unable to infer context, Scrap let the phonemes slide in and out of their consciousness as they arrived.

Somewhere down the hallway, quiet clicking appeared. The sound would phase volume up and down over time, like a small bird walking on metal in circles.

With little outside input and no reason to produce output, Scrap's brain naturally turned to passively reflecting. Aimed lazily at itself, it noted down the state of Scrap's body and mind.

The hand still hadn't started acting up again. The grid of metallic knots breathed in unison, movements echoing in Scrap's tactile perception as low white noise. Closing wound itched a little.

Stomach was empty. Despite it having been so for at least a day, Scrap did not treat this as an urgent signal. They had gone without food for longer in the past.

The long discharged calibrator poked their neck muscles slightly as they breathed. Its battery has twice over gone through its half-life, remaining output insufficient to provide warning signals to the body, but maybe still enough to keep its internal clock running? Scrap thought about cutting it out and checking how long exactly it has been there. The thought elicited neither revolt nor excitement.

Among all these was another sensation, more subtle than the three, spilled across much of Scrap's skin like coating of oil. It was something familiar, but long ignored. Something from the previous life, before that went to shit.

Scrap couldn't recognize it for a bit. Closing their eyes again, they tried to focus. The realization didn't budge for a very long minute.

Then, it gave in, cascading.

It was the sensation of grease.

"Oh, right." - Scrap said out loud.

Scrap had not taken a shower in what must have been weeks.

With a sigh, they lifted their torso into a sitting position. Upon completing this movement, they realized that a thin blanket has been put over them at some point of the night.

Scrap lifted their hand up to their head. Their hair was oily, and left a trace of something gross on their fingers. "Must have forgotten to wear my gear when there was a spill in the Docks," - they guessed, unable to recall exactly.

Scrap threw the blanket aside, and lowered their legs to the floor. Rough tiles were clean, a bit cold. There was a tiny draft circling around Scrap's ankles now, they assumed a ventilation access was under the bed.

Scrap stood up, and started taking off their dirty clothes and tossing them to the floor. Together with jacket and sweater discarded the previous evening (evening?), the jeans, socks and underwear formed a small pile on the floor.

## ???

"Hey, I heard you woke up so I... AH!" - the person flinched, momentarily losing grip on the cardboard box they were carrying, almost dropping it. They managed to reposition their right arm in time to prevent it from tumbling to the floor. Something inside emitted a muffled cling.

Scrap turned 90 degrees to face the door. They had just finished undressing, and were now standing on the rough tiled floor completely naked. Their brain seemingly had not yet processed the fact this house had no doors, or maybe it just had not woken up yet.

The person in the doorway was tall. Not tall in a normal sense; each part of their body seemed stretched past nominal length, thinned but somehow simultaneously reinforced. Waistline normally only appropriate for someone on the brink of starvation, even the obviously custom-made T-shirt hanging loose, and rope-like tendons of an athlete shifting underneath the tanned skin.

They had to bend down to fit into the doorway, and were now frozen in place there, uncomfortably folded over. It took them a few seconds to orient themself and fully register the situation.

"Sorry I... Uh..." - they mumbled, taking their eyes off Scrap's body and turning instead to thoroughly study wallpaper patterns near the corner of the room. Their voice was surprisingly quiet, high with a slight crack, - "Heard you wake up so..."

Scrap did not know how to respond yet. They instead waited for the new intruder to continue, eyeing them in return.

The skin on guest's wrists was dotted with areas without any coloration whatsoever, with muscles and sinew visibly alternating underneath as they nervously hugged the box, grasping for words. Other than a T-shirt, they were wearing worn looking blue sneakers, a plain blue skirt on a pink cloth belt with a flower pattern, and a sizeable handbag slung over their right shoulder. The handbag appeared firmly stuffed.

Their perhaps most notable feature were the deformed palms: elongated and widened, they seemed largely immobile, a result of bone fusion. 4th and 5th fingers were very long, grown together and lined with overlapping carapace plates to form what could rightfully be called claws. These only seemed to flex downwards, and were long enough to touch the guest's elbows when fully folded under their wrists. To compensate for this transformation, the guest's 1st, 2nd and 3rd fingers were long and highly prehensile, each boasting an additional joint able to bend in reverse; they were all being used to hold the box. Together, these changes made the guest's forelimbs look like a weird mix of praying mantis claws and bat wings.

"So I uh. You just moved in right, so you need... Stuff right?" - They were still struggling to compose themselves, - "Clothes and such... Sight said your body is mostly standard, and we had left over clothes in storage. I don't know if they'll fit well..." - They stuttered again. Silence resumed, each second visibly torturous for them.

Finally registering what was going on, Scrap took initiative.

"Thanks, " - they said, taking the box out of the guest's hands.

Visibly relieved, the guest swung around to exit, almost hitting their head on the frame.

"No problem sorry," - they chuckled nervously, disappearing behind the door-curtain.

"Wait," - Scrap called out after a second's delay.

"A?"

"Do you have a shower?"

"A... Oh yeah it's at the end of the hallway, blue door", - they resumed their skitter, and disappeared behind another door-curtain, judging by the sounds.

## ???

The water was barely warm, only switching from cold after a delay of about half a minute. Footprint of a weak boiler, Scrap instantly noted. It tasted slightly of iron. At some point in their life, Scrap would be annoyed by the temperature. In the present, they did not care.

Free from covers, their body emanated the unmistakable stench of unmaintained human shell.

Scrap picked up a pink-ish bar of soap from the soap holder and began work, starting from their face and moving downwards, re-inspecting found issues as they went.

Face. Small scratch on left cheek.

Neck. Smears of some grey gunk from a Dock spill from a few days ago. Skin underneath is slightly irritated.

Right shoulder. Healing bruise. Hurt slightly when touched.

Left breast. Closed up scratches from fingernails. Remains of clotted blood are coming off. Itch.

Left side. Old scar.

Left wrist. Tendrils hide into their metallic knots when Scrap's hand moves closer to them. Slow pulse. Recent cuts from failed extractions. Clotted blood is coming off on the sides. Stronger itch.

Stomach. Two old bruises. Hurt slightly when touched.

Left thigh. Old scratches. Clotted blood has come off. Very slight itch.

Right thigh. Remains of a one-off rash on the inner side, near their scrotum. Skin still irritated, slight itch.

Right ankle. Recent bruise. Hurts.

Scrap paused.

Water running off their body was now almost transparent, rather than the sickly grey it was in the beginning. 

Scrap put the soap brick back into the tray, and took the unlabelled bottle, guessing it was shampoo. They guessed correctly.

## ???

Wrapped in the towel this time, they walked back into their room. The conversation elsewhere had ended, and the house was again quiet, save for the fans.

There was an extra object.

Someone has brought a restaurant tray with two enameled bowls and placed it on the table, along with a paper note.

Scrap walked up to it. Slightly warm ambiguous soup, fried potatoes, a slice of bread.

They sat down and began eating, not bothering to unwrap and read the note until they were finished.

Someone walked through the corridor in heavy, sharp steps. Fully conscious now, Scrap prepared for another awkward encounter, but it was not to be. The footsteps banged right past their room towards the main door, a sliding noise followed by a distant bang notifying of it being closed behind.

Scrap finished their meal, and pushed away the tray. The food had been simple, but filling. They considered dropping into bed right away. Almost giving into the temptation, they stood up and threw the towel onto the chair's back, but at the last moment the note caught their eye again.

An accurately cut square of grid paper, folded in half, its upper leaf twitched, disturbed by the air stream from the movement around it. Scrap held it up in their right hand.

```
My office is on floor 2, obvious door. Come in when you feel like it 
	- Sight
```

Scrap took their eyes off the note again and thought for a few seconds, mechanically crumpling thin paper between their fingers. The wording did not imply a deadline or a caviate to their position clearly, but, considering their past experiences with charities, Scrap had no doubt one would surface sooner or later.

Deciding that it is always better to know in advance, they threw the ball that has become of the paper onto the food tray and turned to the bed. Contents of the clothes box were still scattered across it, just like Scrap left them half an hour ago. Scrap picked two items that seemed somewhat reasonable: a green sweater about their size and thick cloth shorts. Trying them on, they found that the sweater was not exactly opaque and the shorts were a bit tight, but they did not care to improve it: it was warm and clean enough in the building, and they were content with looking halfway decent.

They threw most other clothes to one side of the bed and walked out of the room, turning right to the stairway spotted before.

## ???

The "obvious door" was, indeed, obvious. It was bright orange, contrasting wildly with greyness of walls and storage shelves of this floor, and, unlike most other room separators, actually a door rather than a hanging cloth. Judging from layout of adjacent walls, Scrap could infer that it led into a medium sized room, maybe a breakroom for warehouse workers in this building's past life. The floor between shelves here was covered with linoleum, dotted with stains and dents from dropped heavy objects; shelves were stuffed with boxes of sizes that felt like they did not belong. In a far unlit corner, an inexplicable hammock hung suspended between tops of two shelves. Reaching it would have been a completely unnecessary feat of industrial alpinism.

Having surveyed all that, Scrap walked up to the door. Closer inspection revealed it to had indeed been a breakroom: drawings in unmistakably lifeless flat corporate style illustrated a rather strict set of usage rules. Scrap could make out that breaks were limited to 20 minutes in lengths each, and that immediate workplace manager was to be notified an hour in advance. They could not read the rest, as much of the old pictures was covered with an A3 sheet stuck to the door with duct tape; it featured crude, child-like drawing of a blue dog with disproportionately large ears, and a letter W on top of it. Scrap thought to themself that this drawing should had covered more.

They knocked.

"Yeah come in", - voice from the inside replied immediately. Scrap pushed on the handle and stepped forward.

Unlike most other rooms in the house, this one was brightly lit, so it took Scrap's eyes a bit to adjust. Squinting, they scanned their surrounding again.

The repusposed breakroom had a weird look to it. Some of the original equipment was still here - a coffee machine, water cooler, two couches, a TV with a cracked screen, supposedly motivational posters on the walls (some similarly covered with a child's drawings). But it has been intermixed with newer stuff: three metal desks by the sides of the room, covered with papers, spools of wire, disassembled old phones and laptops, mechanical parts; mismatched chairs, also metal; a server rack in the corner, overgrown with a quietly whirring scruffy clot of mismatched hardware; a sleeping bag rolled out on the floor; a screamingly out of place industrial refrigerator, housing ambiguous grey cloth wraps.

Sight was standing in the epicenter of all this chaos, looking the exact same as the other day.

"Woah, I hope you did not treat my note as an order?" - he was clearly addressing Scrap, even not having turned to them yet.

Scrap didn't respond, taking a rare opportunity to look at him without making eye contact.

Sight was wearing thick black jeans, worn leather high boots and a thick sweater, once white but turned yellowy-grey from long use. His black and red jacket was tied around his waist. In his right hand, he was holding a tablet.

"I bet you haven't even woken up properly yet," - he laughted, turning to face the door. Scrap looked away, leaving him in peripheral vision.

"I have."

"Alright, sit down then," - Sight waved towards one of the old soft chairs.

Scrap obediently followed, settling down into the noticeably time-eaten plush, pulling their legs up without thinking. Still not looking Sight in the eye.

"I planned to start with my own questions, but, seeing that you did not give yourself any time to recover, it would be inappropriate to bombard you right away. You resume yesterday's conversation on your own terms."

Scrap inhaled deeply, then exhaled - louder than they would have wanted. They repeated this sequence a few times, trying to collect themselves, to no avail. Seeing that the exercise was ineffective, they decided to continue without it.

"So how does this... work?" - this simple phrase took longer than formulate than they would have wanted. Words did not cooperate, kicking and punching as Scrap stuffed them into the sentence.

"What do you mean?"

"Your... operation here. How does it work."

"From each according to their ability, to each according to their needs."

"...What?"

Sight's expression did not change a single bit. Still the same grin, a mix of welcoming and predatory. Incomprehensible.

"Do you think I'm an idiot or something?" - Scrap nervously clenched their left wrist with right hand.

"I'm entirely serious."

An awkward pause was suspended over them again.

"Please, don't fuck with me. I've been through enough charities, I *know* how these slogans go." - When someone pulls you from the top of the bridge and offers free bed and food, there's always a caviate, they wanted to add, but held back.

"We're not a charity."

Still the same expression.

"Who are you then?"

"Friends."

#writing