## ???

"...may I take a look?"

The words tugged Scrap out of their viscous, feverish slumber. Scrap forced their eyelids open and raised their gaze to the sight of a stranger's head, poking into the room through a gap between the doorframe and the curtain pushed aside by a thin hand covered in plastic bands and bracelets. The table lamp, dimmed to about fifth of its nominal power, like most lights in the house, threw barely enough light in direction of the entrance for Scrap's tired eyes to discern basic features. Much about the face could not be determined from this distance, other than gloss of its seemingly unblinking eyes, spiral pattern of LEDs on the lamp inverted in two miniature copies.

"Uh. Sorry?" - Scrap muttered after a few seconds of confusion, when their brain finally processed the fact a response was expected but impossible to produce.

"Sight has said you have some issues with your left forelimb. May I take a look?"

The stranger's voice was quiet but sharp, non-intrusive but hard to misregister. In contrast, their jaw barely seemed to move.

Scrap considered possible responses. "No, piss off," - an option sprung from the depths of their ragged brain.

"Are you a medic or something?"

"Technician."

Scrap yawned, scratching their head with their right hand.

"Sure, i guess."

They watched the stranger snake into the room, head swaying right and left with every step taken, long neck and crooked body following the trajectory. As they approached the table, Scrap's eyes made out more details. The stranger's torso was covered in what would have been an ocher hoodie if not for the unusually long hood to account for the unusually long neck, and sleeves of different lengths: left normal, right ending just below the elbow, revealing the aforementioned bracelet-covered thin, dry wrist. Their legs moved under a long, pale orange ragged skirt, clanking of unseen footwear against the wooden floor barely distinguishable over whirring of fans in the hallway. Their back was arched at an angle that would have been quite uncomfortable for Scrap to maintain, but that did not seem to impair their movement. Their head and face were entirely hairless, bearing no discernable marks of age or sex, a distinct lack of nose combined with lack of any discernible expression giving it a slightly surreal, ghoulish impression.

As the stranger walked past to the short end of the table, Scrap could smell something subtly earthy emanating from them.

"Please, turn here," - they said, producing a simple medium sized fabric bag from under their scruffy asymmetric robe. Something clinked and rattled inside as they settled it onto the table's dull surface. Not having the required energy to reason about it, Scrap obeyed.

With one swift movement, stranger untied the string holding the bag closed, with two pulled out a folded rectangle of beige oilcloth, and with three spread it across the table.

"Take off your upper clothes, and place your left forelimb on the table."

Scrap extended their right arm downwards to pull up 1their shirt, only to realize their jacket was still on. They forced themselves upright. Jacket was flung to the floor, then the sweater, then the shirt. Scrap stopped at the bra.

"This too?"

"Current is sufficient." - the stranger's blank expression has not changed.

Scrap dropped their "left forelimb" on the oilcloth.

The grains under their skin notified them of the pressure, burrowing into muscle - not as much pain as it was an intense itch.

They wanted to avert their eyes, look distractedly at the spiral pattern on the lamp, or at the stranger's bag or at anything else. Just not their arm. They failed to resist the irritating, ill compulsive curiosity for the hundredth time.

## ???

The grid of gnarls was still there, breathing slowly under Scrap's skin, dotting their left arm, elbow down, each an intrusive extrusion, a spherical symptom. Just like it had been yesterday. Just like it had been a month ago.

Overlaid on top, a parallel grid - a grid of scars. 62 surgeries performed by qualified professionals. 21 surgeries performed by the Dock Doctor and a few other unlicensed practicioners. 3 surgeries performed by self.

The stranger's fingers, cold and dry, ran across this battleground, scanning every square centimeter with equal amount of attention. In a few places where the nodes had hatched, puncturing the skin, their young protrusions, having just come out to taste the air, unconstrained by Scrap's clothing for the first time since three days ago, would retreat back into their shells on touch.

The stranger reached the freshest bruise. It had mostly closed up by that point, brown crust of dried blood flaking off, revealing fresh tissue beneath.

"72 hours", - the stranger proclaimed.

"Correct."

"Successful removal?"

"No."

Scrap brought the memory to mind. The maimed, malformed node below the crust answered with a wave of dull, itch-adjacent pain.

The stranger reached for the bag again, this time producing from it a rag, a bottle and a box. Focusing on the box, Scrap recognized two old foldable phones with their frames cut open, glued to a rough 3D-printed box holding an incomprehensible mess of electronics into which their backsides seemed to had been merged into. Back side of the box appeared to be detachable.

As the stranger opened the bottle and soaked the rag in its contents, a strong scent notified Scrap that it was alcohol. With quick, precise movements the disinfectant was applied to skin above one node after another.

"What, you gonna do the cutting for me?" - Scrap did not quite believe it.

"Calibration."

Calibration?

## ???

Flicking the back of the box open, the stranger's hand acquired what seemed like a bundle of thin wires, although Scrap could not discern the port size. Despite the apparent tangledness, the wires did not seem to catch onto and interfere with each other. "Our old doc wears a red mask of chaos", - a lyric seeped into Scrap's consciousness.

Before they could continue that thought, the first wire made contact with the skin.

The sting was almost unnoticeable, and the nondescript vowel that came out of Scrap's mouth was caused mostly by surprise.

It didn't stop the stranger's movement for a fraction of a second.

"Relax your muscles", - an order followed.

Obeying again, Scrap watched as one by one, three dozen tiny needles punctured the skin above the growths that have been gnawing at their flesh for the last several years.

When all wires were connected, the stranger immediately switched attention back to the box. They flicked open the two screens, and silence of the room was interrupted.

Scrap did not understand what it was at first. Multiple overlaid undulating tones, talking over each other in a senseless cacophony. But despite that, they felt familiar.

The stranger started punching something into the left keyboard.

For a good half a minute nothing seemed to happen, until some semiconscious subroutine in Scrap's primal brain decided that it would be a good idea to change the position of their left thumb.

The left thumb did not execute the command.

Scrap tried again, consciously. Same result.

"Please, do not attempt to move, you are causing interference. I will return control to you once I am done. I recommend closing your eyes," - the stranger was bent over the box, head tilted to the side, listening carefully, their eyes closed, hands tapping at both small keyboards.

After a delay, Scrap obeyed.

The feeling of familiarity did not go away with time. The disjointed choir from the box appeared to be something they have experienced before, in some other form, but they weren't sure what.

They spent a few minutes like this, in a void of sensation interrupted by the strange antimelody on top of the usual signals from their arm.

Then they noticed.

One of the nodes, one closest to folds of skin on the inner side of their elbow, was starting to change pulse frequency, the slow waves of nauseating itch coming from it now alternating just a tiny bit faster.

It took a few more seconds to realize, but then it clicked.

A tone, a singular tone in the box's cacophony was changing its pulse frequency too.

The realization cascaded to two, then four, then ten, then too-many-to-count nodes. A complete transformation of perspective taken place in tenth of a second.

## ???

In response, more node-tones seemed to start shifting around, pulsing faster or slower, louder or quieter, echoing in Scrap's self-map on different frequencies of pain, or itch, or nausea, coldness, warmth, smooth surface, rough surface, slimy surface.

Happening so fast it almost went unnoticed, the range of sensory inputs from nodes has been diversified.

"Stay calm."

Scrap tried to. Considering the amplified cacophony, it was rather hard. Long minutes passed, balancing on the edge of agitation, breathing as regularly as they could and trying to keep their heart rate down. Long minutes, until another pattern emerged from chaos.

Two tones, one just under their palm, one in the middle of their inner wrist, were now oscillating in sync. Realizing it can help them remain collected, Scrap focused their attention on these two (four?) inputs. Once again, the whole system seemed to respond in cascade, more and more elements aligning to these two, in turn making it easier for Scrap to focus, accelerating the process. Soon, the entire microcosm of their arm was pulsating together.

One node resisted slightly longer than the last. This one was painfully familiar. It was the node Scrap tried to cut out, and seemingly damaged, three days prior. But, after a second worth of creaking hesitation, it budged too.

"Last stage."

Slowly, linearly, not cascading this time, the input range began to narrow again. First, the input of a "cold rough surface" was gone, then after a few seconds "hot slimy air" followed, and so on, over several minutes crossing out most of the negative or distracting sensations, excluding them from the system. Sounds from the box reflected this, settling into more rhythmic oscillations, excluding pitches that were too high or too low.

## ???

The stranger was packing their bag.

Scrap looked over their diseased appendage again and again. Visually, not much has changed - it still has the instantly recognizeable bumps and the scars from the past years of surgery after surgery after surgery. It didn't stop looking like a mess. But inside, it felt different.

The itch and confusion, the constant disjointed shouting of the semi-foreign bodies under their skin were gone, replaced by a vague pulsation of warmth, slowly running from elbow to palm. The usual impression of disgust was, while not completely gone, also seemingly dulled.

"Is this permanent?"

"No."

"How long will it last then?"

"16 hours."

"How much?"

"What?" - the stranger turned their face to Scrap. For the first time this entire weird evening, their face seemed to display some shadow of expression, and that expression was confusion.

"How much do you charge for one procedure?"

The stranger blinked.

"I do not charge. When it starts troubling you again, come down to my cell. It is in the basement level 2, down the east corridor, last door on the left," - they tied the linen string in a knot around the bag, - "And please, if you absolutely need to remove some nodes, ask me to do it too. Do not use a razor blade next time."

"How do you..."

The stranger pulled their left sleeve up. Scrap blinked and looked down on newly exposed skin.

The intersecting grids of gnarls and scars were easily recognizable.

"Now do yourself a favor, and rest," - they said, pulling the sleeve down before the protrusions had a chance to peek out from the pores, and turning to the exit.

Not knowing how to respond, Scrap simply watched them snake out of the room the same way they came in.

After the footsteps went quiet in the corridor, Scrap picked themselves up and moved to the bunk. The mattress was a bit creaky, but dry and clean.

They kicked their boots off and lied down.

For the first time in a long while, there was no interference.

Immediately upon closing their eyes, Scrap fell into a deep, ink black sleep.

#writing