"Friends?"

An uncontrollable, tortured chuckle escaped Scrap's lungs. Another followed, and another, and five, and ten more, cascading into a fit of hysteric laughter, leaving Scrap no time to trace its origin. Sight stood above them with a frozen face, watching the cascade spiral into heavy, back-bending sobs. Crumbling before their own eyes, blinded by a veil of saltwater, Scrap grasped their shoulders, curling into an almost fetal position in a vain attempt to slow down the advance.

They weren't sure how much time had passed before it subsided. Nothing in the room has changed. The server rack and the refrigerator were buzzing all the same. The perpetual whispering draft from ventilation passages was licking their feet. Their face and sleeves of their sweater were soaked in tears.

Realizing they were breathing too rapidly for it to be good, Scrap focused on that, trying to calm themselves down with an old abstraction trick they had learned from an online friend many years ago. It almost failed at first, threatening to send them down a spiral again, but they managed to catch a rhythm after a minute.

Wiping their eyes, they raised their head again.

Sight had not moved an inch. Visually, nothing about him has reacted to Scrap's breakdown at all. He was standing in a somewhat relaxed pose, leaning slightly more on his left leg, tablet in hand, eyes on his guest's messy face.

"When I said 'when you feel like it', I meant just that," - His voice was *almost* the same. If not for absence of distracting stimuli, Scrap would not have noticed the subtle *fracture* in his tone - "I recommend you go back to your room, and take an actually sufficient amount of rest. The conversation can wait."

Almost physically incapable of objecting, Scrap inhaled deeply, wiped their eyes another time, and stood up.

## ???

"Hey, are you alright?"

This time the person did not barge in, for which Scrap was grateful.

The voice was familiar. Straining their memory, Scrap matched the voice. It was the mantis from earlier.

"I'm... Yeah I'm fine", - it took them a few seconds to squeeze these words out. Probably did not sound very convincing.

A sigh of relief came from behind the curtain.

"Do you um. Do you mind if I come in? I have more stuff. Didn't pack all essentials earlier," - they chuckled.

Scrap mentally noted they had already been given three times more clothes than what they had for the past couple of months.

"Sure," - they rolled to their other side to face the doorway.

The first thing Scrap saw was a claw moving the curtain aside. Head, neck and tall, veiny torso followed, along with everything else. This time, the mantis was only carrying a shoebox. Seeing Scrap's undoubtedly messy face, they opened their mouth as if to say something, but then gave up and looked away.

Reaching the table in two large steps, they settled the box down and began unpacking its contents, commenting on each one.

"Okay, so here's candles and here's matchsticks. The power is usually stable, but since we have no windows it's real annoying when it does go out," - Scrap didn't know if explanations were necessary or if the mantis just wanted to ease the tension, - "Here's a toothbrush, here's a comb. One of the teeth is broken, sorry I couldn't find a better one... If you ever need scissors I always have scissors, and Scratch has too. Here's a phone... It's fished out from a landfill but it still works," - they palmed the cracked black rectangle before settling it down on the table, - "Scratch did a factory reset. Here's a charger... We have a router in the hall, signal does not reach well in these rooms though. Sight always tells new folks to avoid using old accounts if we had them, so yeah I'm passing that down to you... And here's. Uh."

They were holding something small, brown and round. A second of visual confusion yielded a result: it was a simple sewn toy owl, with dangly flat legs and big googly eyes.

Without further comment, the mantis settled the owl on top of the phone. It tumbled almost immediately.

"Ok that's all there is here," - they waved the box lid a little before putting it back on, - "If you need anything just ask me... Or anyone else really. Uh... sorry for barging in in the morning."

"It's fine," - Scrap squeezed out of themself, - "Thanks."

The mantis was already half out of the room when they suddenly stopped.

"Oh, also, Scratch said you should visit them in the next three hours, because after that they're not going to be here for a while. Their room is in B2, on the far end of the first corridor. There's no one else there at the moment, you won't miss it."

"Alright."

Scrap listened to their footsteps grow distant, turning corners until they faded into background noise.

## ???

Their left hand was indeed already starting to act up. Every few seconds, a disruption appeared in synchronized, rhtythmic pulse of the cysts, manifesting as a jumbled input: sensation of cold air, shallow prickling pain or the mundane itch. It would likely be a few hours until this would become unbearable again.

Other than this and a few scratches and bruises here and there, Scrap's body felt abnormally normal.

Without standing up, they pulled themself up to the table to look closely at the new things. Their blanket slid off a bit.

The candle pack was opened, but almost full. These were the small, short cylindric candles that come in thin metal holders. You could place one directly on a table without worrying about anything catching fire. The downside to that is poor light output and burn time, Scrap recalled.

The matchbox was grey, and had a picture of a red lion on it. The lion's mane was stylized to look like flame. The image looked fine on a glance, but focusing on it longer revealed subtle misproportions in many of its features, suggesting lack of artistic talent, lack of reference, or both. Other than the lion, there was nothing on the front of the box. Back side contained the usual fineprint information about the producer, leaving exact product name up to interpretation.

The phone was a low budget model, from two or so years ago. The screen was cracked, and top right corner bore dents suspiciously resembling teeth marks, but seemed mostly functional. Scrap unlocked it and poked around. Touchscreen worked everywhere except near the tooth marks.

As the mantis has said, it was fresh from a factory reset, with next to nothing installed, except for an app Scrap did not recognize, with a default icon, labelled "HOME". Opening it, they were greeted with a black screen containing a single text prompt:

```
WHO ARE YOU?
> 
```

After a second's hesitation, they shrugged and entered their new name. With no transition animation, they were taken to a chatroom, with no message backlog. Tapping around, they found a list of available users, which included:

```
- SIGHT [ADMIN]
- THRALL [BOT]
- SCRAP
- SERVO
- SONAR
```

After some time, Sonar disappeared from the list, presumably going offline. There was nothing else besides the main chatroom and a basic settings screen here. Scrap closed the chat.

A stray thought reemerged, intruding.

Scrap opened the app repository. Entered the keyword. Clicked on the first result.

Their thumb hung over the "Install" button for a torturously long span of time.

> your trajectory has been amusing to observe. i wish i could have talked to you for longer.

Scrap locked the phone and put it back on the table.

Just like they had done almost every week, until they had to pawn their last phone.

They picked up the owl.

Although simple, the toy was skillfully sewn. Made of strong fabric, firmly stuffed and held together with synthetic string, it was the kind of humble object to last for decades, being forgotten, found, and forgotten again, passed between owners through inheritance or loss. Scrap ran their fingers along the thing.

"You're probably more durable than me," - they smiled, putting it next to the pillow.

## ???

The central staircase ran through the core of the building like a spine. Flights were not walled off from each other, but separated by old, sturdy steel grates, making it impossible to fall between them; there were also grates on every floor, each with a heavy metal door partitioning the platform and floor proper. Walking down, Scrap pondered the reasons of such high security and its contrast with relatively friendly architecture of the higher levels. As far as they could see, every gate was wide open, but the locks were still there.

The gate of basement level 1 led to a brightly lit U-shaped corridor, much similar to the residential floor. Unlike the residential floor, the small side chambers were separated by metal doors rather than curtains, some closed, some not. Between some of them, cables, hoses and pipes were pulled. Old door signs have recently been scraped off and painted over, flakes of oxides and old pigment still littering the floor below. Getting distracted for a moment, Scrap stepped into the corridor to examine them more closely. `VNT CTRL`, `GEN A`, `GEN CTRL`, `GEN B`, `FUEL`, `BOILER`, `WATER` - white stencil letters on matte black paint, rooms and their signs proceeded past corridor's bend. Making a reasonable assumption about their contents, Scrap returned to the stairway.

Making a turn to B2, they thanked themself from ten minutes ago for putting on shoes. The air was getting noticeably colder here, although it was not much of a rise in moisture. Lazy draft snakes touched their ankles: the ventilation system was doing its job.

It was also quieter here. Occasional chatter and footsteps from floor 1 wouldn't reach this depth.

And it was darker.

While residential was dimmed to evening orange, storage was efficiently spotlighted in white and technical was safely covered in fluorescent blue, this floor, whatever it was, took shades of early afterdusk, maintaining barely enough light to be suitable for navigation. Lightbulbs in simple metal cages hung from a single bundle of wires that ran along the ceiling, from stairway to the far end of one of the corridor's arms, marking the way with uneven circles of meak yellow light. The second half of this floor was gaping pitch black.

Scrap took a look into the dark wing. Shadows stretched out from the last lightbulb, bleeding into each other and forming a uniform inky veil near the corridor's bend, Scrap's own joining them for a short time they were here.

Scrap's lips formed a weak smile, their owner was not sure why.

With a sigh, they turned back to their destination.

The bundle of artificial arteries snaked across the ceiling, suspended from hooks and screws lodged into concrete, held together with transparent duct tape and plastic bands. One cable in particular was dedicated to lighting. Looking at it more closely, Scrap recognized it as a christmas light cord. Lamp cages appeared to be custom made from thick wire and cut plastic bottles.

Having passed the turn, Scrap was now looking down the row of side chambers. Uniform gaping rectangles sucking in trickles of light and expelling cold air - except for the last, glimmering head of the cable-snake. There was not much room for doubt.

Passing each one of them, Scrap threw an idle look in. Most were empty, but a couple had stuff in them - metal shelves with jars and boxes, crates, two blue barrels with hoses snaking from them into a mess on the floor.

This side's door into the central chamber seemed to have been walled off recently, texture of bricks poking through a layer of grey plaster.

"Come in," - Scratch's voice snaked from underneath the grey door-curtain before Scrap could reach it.

## ???

"You rushed something," - Scratch remarked, in the already familiar flat tone.

Scrap grinned a little too wide.

Hair-thin metal tendrils of the bizzare device were sunk into bumps on their arm. Scrap's fingers were twitching slightly with every button press.

The dimly lit room around them was very much like a crow's nest - of a crow that likes messing with breadboards a bit too strongly. Idly sliding their gaze along, Scrap noted general crow-ness of some of Scratch's movements. The way they were tilting their head now, for example.

"I guess?"

Scratch lowered a tone. It echoed in a section of Scrap's skin as feeling of wet cold sand.

"You are not on a timer here."

Scrap tried to chuckle with aloof sarcasm. Against their will, their voice cracked, slipping down into something more honest. They inhaled, a bit too sharply, trying to avoid a cascade. Two in one day would be a bit too much.

Barely waiting for them to calm down, Scratch continued.

"You don't believe us."

"Of fucking course I don't," - Scrap grunted, - "How old do you think I am? Fifteen?"

Cracked eggshell under fingers.

"You are twenty seven. You will be twenty eight in August."

"How do you..." - again disoriented, Scrap grasped for words, - "You do realize you're not making your story any more realistic with this, right?"

"Elaborate."

Hot metal, rust flaking off.

"You guys... You catch me three minutes away from the bridge, with no one around. I haven't had a phone for a few weeks. I haven't talked to anyone for a few months. No one saw me head there" - Unarticulated, gaping hole of understanding was finally manifesting into something Scrap could thread, and this something was, apparently, part anger, - "You know like... EXACTLY who I am, where I am going and what I am going to do. You say something that I thought only about three people on this planet knew, completely screw my plan, then offer to bring me to your safe little fucking haven on the edge of town and spice it up with some pompous bullshit about giving up my old name or whatever?!" - They were almost shouting at this point, - "And now I'm in some half renovated soviet ruin with two levels of basement, and a bird-eye looking late-stage is performing some fucking witchcraft on my stupid fucking arm that downtown clinics would charge more than my kidney's worth for, and everyone's talking to me like I'm a fucking child that apparently can't be told their grandpa kicked the bucket or something?! And no one will just fucking tell me WHY am I HERE and WHY NOW WHY WHY?!!"

Collapsing into a slowly unwinding wail, Scrap gripped their left shoulder so hard theit nails burrowed into the skin. Again. Eyes obstructed with tears, breath uneven and deep, they struggled to keep their body properly upright on the cold metal chair.

Sandpaper.

Scratch, the crow, paused their fiddling with the device for a second, leaning back in their own chair, seemingly even more uncomfortable than the guest's. Their bulging black eyes were pointed directly at Scrap's face. There was an expression, albeit hard to read, their facial muscles subtly contorted in an unfamiliar configuration.

"I can answer some of your questions. Some of the answers will have been repeated. In turn, you should accept my words."

"I'm f... I..."

"You will receive these same answers no matter who exactly you ask and when. So, concern number one would be: how did we find you."

## ???

"I..." - Disoriented by this sudden directness, Scrap spent a whole dozen seconds fishing for a right thought, - "O... Okay. Yeah. That's a good start."

"Answer number one: we watch many people. All the time. I am not aware of the technical specifics, but the means are not always digital. We currently have about 160 individuals on our watch, and 15 residents here. Is this response satisfactory?"

"May... Maybe."

"Concern number two would be: how do we know so much."

"Yes..."

"Answer number two: one of us was your friend in the past."

Scrap wiped their eyes, trying to concentrate.

"I don't know..."

"It was Sight."

Scrap opened their mouth and got stuck there for a while, at a loss of words. Their mind ran loops around their old friend circles, trying to find any sort of match. Fruitlessly.

"He doesn't feel familiar... Like, at all."

"Talk to him about it another time. On to the next concern: you asked why did we only intervene at the last moment. Am I interpreting you correctly?"

"Yeah..."

"He told you yesterday that our goal is helping Node victims. That is true. Answer to the question is pretty simple: we don't have a lot of resources, so we only help people when we see that they are going to die or get seriously hurt if we don't. Does that make sense?"

"I guess..."

By this point, Scrap's outburst had almost subsided. Short-lived anger was swallowed whole by the more consistent, viscous exhaustion.

"Do you have any more questions?"

"I... I don't know."

"Then I think we should round up the treatment, I will have to be leaving soon... Oh. You scratched yourself."

Scrap's eyes drifted down to their arms, laid out on the table. In their choking fit, they have gripped their left forearm so hard that their nails burrowed into the skin. Four small crescent bruises were slowly swelling with blood.

Scratch let out a sigh:

"Another thing to patch up."

#writing